We got to go to Bethel,
and I’m really, really glad.
We all said it was the best time
that our fam’ly ever had.
The people there at Bethel
serve Jehovah ev’ry day,
Working hard in serving others,
‘cause that’s just the Bethel way.
Bethel means the “House of God.”
We call it Bethel because this place is his.
Bethel—It’s the “House of God.”
To serve Jehovah
is the best work that there is.
We saw the things they make there
—books and Bibles by the ton,
So the truth about God’s Kingdom
can go out to ev’ryone.
If you can visit Bethel,
you’ll be glad you got to go.
It’s Jehovah’s house of service,
and you’ll see it’s really so.
Bethel means the “House of God.”
We call it Bethel because this place is his.
Bethel—It’s the “House of God.”
To serve Jehovah
is the best work that there is.
Bethel means the “House of God.”
We call it Bethel because this place is his.
Bethel—It’s the “House of God.”
To serve Jehovah
is the best work that there is.
Thank you Jehovah.